Create getting-started-participants.md (#10)
djangonaut-space/pilot-program: getting-started-participants.md

Because we are an inclusive community with a large range of skill levels we want to make sure we all have some understanding of a few points: Django, Python, Open Source Contributing, and Git. You aren't expected to be an expert in any of these but some knowledge will definitely help get you started. Please read the through the questions below to find a question that you can relate with to help you find your starting point. 

**What is Django/Python?**  
- If you haven't yet, you probably want to start with going over the [Django Girls Tutorial](https://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/) to get familiar with Django, Python, and Git. If you have some experience in one but not all of these, maybe skim through the parts you are familiar with. 

**What is Git/Github?**  
- If you are unfamiliar with Git and Github, [this tutorial](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/hello-world) might be helpful.  

**What is Open Source Contributing?**   
- Github has created a great [Contributing Guide](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/) to go over what it's about, the process, and best practices. We'd encourage you to read it over. 

**What are the program expectations?**    

> - You can read our [Navigator Guidelines](https://github.com/djangonaut-space/pilot-program/blob/main/navigators.md) to find more details about the responsibilities and expectations of our participants, or Navigators. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can read our [Djangonaut Guidelines](https://github.com/djangonaut-space/pilot-program/blob/main/djangonauts.md) to find more details about the responsibilities and expectations of our participants. 
```

- If you haven't yet, you probably want to start with going over the [Django Girls Tutorial](https://tutorial.djangogirls.org/en/) to get familiar with Django, Python, and Git. If you have some experience in one but not all of these, maybe skim through the parts you are familiar with. 

**What is Git/GitHub?**
- If you are unfamiliar with Git and GitHub, [this tutorial](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/quickstart/hello-world) might be helpful.  

**What is Open Source Contributing?**
- GitHub has created a great [Contributing Guide](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/) to go over what it's about, the process, and best practices. We'd encourage you to read it over.

**What are the expectations of participants?**
- Have good standing throughout the program and uphold the [code of conduct](https://github.com/djangonaut-space/pilot-program/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
- Attend weekly meetings to recieve feedback and support.
- A commitment of 4 hours a week over the course of 3 months.
- For more details about being a participant, please read our [Djangonaut Guidelines](https://github.com/djangonaut-space/pilot-program/blob/main/djangonauts.md).

> 

Author: @tim-schilling  specifically here :)

Reviewer 2: Looks great!
